Privacy Policy


Thank you for using the rdcalculator app. We take your privacy and personal information protection very seriously. This Privacy Policy is intended to explain to you how we collect, use, process and protect your personal information.


collect message
Our app does not collect any user's personal information, including but not limited to name, address, email address, phone number, geographic location, etc. Our application also does not collect any sensitive information related to users.


use of information
Our application does not use any user's personal information. Our application will not use any user's personal information for any purpose, including but not limited to advertising, marketing, recommendation, etc.


information protection
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information. We will take technical measures and management measures to prevent your personal information from being lost, stolen, tampered with or leaked. We will take security measures to protect your personal information, including but not limited to encryption, firewall, access control, etc.


protection of minors
We attach great importance to the protection of minors. Our application does not collect any personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 13, please use our application under the guidance of your parent or guardian.


third party service
Our app does not share users' personal information with any third-party services. Our app does not share user's data with any third party services.


How this policy is updated
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent. We will post any changes to this policy on this page. We will remind you of relevant content updates when the app version is updated or in other appropriate ways.


Application of this policy
All services of this software are applicable to this policy. When you use this software for the first time or upgrade this application version, we will prompt you to read this policy and obtain your consent.


contact us
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Developer name: parkour2023

Email address: lyx668@outlook.com

We will reply to your email as soon as possible and answer any questions for you.
